I got I'll be back let me throw my crush
towards you legs I think you'll after
that so hard I think it was funny that's
why to ours there's a better spot
there's a meeting like fritter lanes
gonna get an engine fuse watch him he's
getting this oh my God he's gonna get an
injured so we can things just got a
ninja defuse oh no way where was he
there was he is mayonnaise an instrument
do you see the guy oh let you see the
get married at the end there Oh what oh
getyou man how about to get you oh my
god
Roxy oh my god aha dude I vlu somebody
oh my lady gogit alia or my team ready
way to go right go
oh my god no I love you so much are you
ready what are you ready two people so
the reaction what the fuck yes what
happened oh they got frog oh shit i tell
you chicks are don't look oh my god oh
god oh my god you want my god wait wait
every come here come here come back man
stand behind me stand behind me are you
already tell me I don't look like the
Asian Kenny oh no way oh what happened
oh it will happen oh why why oh oh oh
oh honey that was extremely violent
let's me throw my crush towards you